Ye, you turned Gao Tianpeng into a vegetable
Gao Yulin will never give up
Xueyao will divorce him immediately
Why don't you hurry up and get out of here?
Supper saved my life
It's him during the day
Rescued me from the high canopy office
Instead of that Liao Zhenwei
So what?
He turned Gao Tianpeng into a vegetable
Gao Tianlin will come to the door soon
What!
Gao Tianpeng hit a vegetable with his car
It has nothing to do with supper
Besides, the cause of the whole thing
They all come to find trouble for supper by themselves
Shut up, you still treat him as a piece of trash
i
One person does things and one person does things
This has nothing to do with canceling me
It won't be borne by one person
What are you responsible for?
I can tell you about supper
Tongtian Key is our Zhongtian Group
The largest customer
You made Gao Tianpeng like this
Don't say Gao Yulin of Tongtian Key can't let you go
Our Zhongtian Group will not let you go either.
There is also Zhang Xueyao with the surname Ye
You turned my son into a vegetable
I want you to fight with blood
Mr. Gao
This matter has nothing to do with our Xueyao
It's supper
Our Xueyao has divorced him
Hmph, Zhang Xueyao divorced the supper
I can let him go.
But there are prerequisites
Is to let him marry my son Canopy